Document KVM-enabled Containers (#491)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/linux.md

!!! info "Privileged Access"
    If you need to run privileged docker containers, take a look at the [docker builder](docker-builder-vm.md).
    
### KVM-enabled Privileged Containers

> It is possible to run containers with [KVM](https://www.linux-kvm.org/) enabled. Some type of CI tasks can tremendously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run containers with [KVM](https://www.linux-kvm.org/) enabled. Some types of CI tasks can tremendously
```

benefit from native visualization. For example, Android related tasks can benefit from running hardware accelerated
emulators instead of software emulated ARM emulators.

> In order to enable KVM module for your `container`s simply add `kvm: true` to your `container` declaration. Here is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable KVM module for your `container`s, simply add `kvm: true` to your `container` declaration. Here is an
```

> example of how to configured a task capable of running hardware accelerated Android emulators:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example of how to configure a task capable of running hardware accelerated Android emulators:
```

 ```yaml
task:
  name: Integration Tests (x86)
  container:
    image: cirrusci/android-sdk:29
    kvm: true
  accel_check_script:
    - sudo chown cirrus:cirrus /dev/kvm
    - emulator -accel-check
```

!!! warning "Scheduling Times of KVM-enabled Containers"

>     Since of an additional visualization layer it takes about a minute to acquire necessary resources to start a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because of the additional visualization layer, it takes about a minute extra to acquire necessary resources to start a task.
```
